add MkDocs (#141)
naturerobots/HSOS-SEP-PlantMap-2022: docs/errors.md

# Common Errors

This page should be used as a summary of common errors encountered while
developing the project. Have a look at it, when you're encountering some weird
problem, maybe it's listed here and if not, consider adding it.

## Docker Compose Error

If you are having trouble starting the development container, the problem may be
that you are using the old `docker-compose` package.

After doing a `apt search docker compose` we retrieve the following result.

```bash
docker-compose/focal,focal 1.25.0-1 all
  Punctual, lightweight development environments using Docker

docker-compose-plugin/focal,now 2.6.0~ubuntu-focal amd64 [installed]
  Docker Compose (V2) plugin for the Docker CLI.

python3-ck/focal,focal 1.9.4-1.1 all
  Python3 light-weight knowledge manager
```

> The `docker-compose` package is deprecated and **doesn't support the latest
> compose specification**. So make sure to have the `docker-compose-plugin`
> package installed !

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `docker-compose` package is deprecated and **may not support
compose specification 3.8 if you are using a distro with old packages**. Install the `docker-compose-plugin`
package instead to solve this problem!
```

# Common Errors

This page should be used as a summary of common errors encountered while
developing the project. Have a look at it, when you're encountering some weird
problem, maybe it's listed here and if not, consider adding it.

## Docker Compose Error

The `docker-compose.dev.yml` located in the `.devcontainer` uses **version
3.8**. The version describes the yml notation, the supported syntax and

> commands.

Reviewer: The `version` element [has been deprecated and is now purely informative for backwards compatibility](https://docs.docker.com/compose/compose-file/#version-top-level-element).
